not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
 " . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . "
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
 . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold .
it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 .
ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
one of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .
a small gem from belgium .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
starts slowly , but adrien brody in the title role helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
very predictable but still entertaining
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . .
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch .
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .
i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough .
those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour .
my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here .
i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
[an] absorbing documentary .
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness .
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
a melancholy , emotional film .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational !
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective .
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
bring on the sequel .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .
the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
 . . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
 . . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . .
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy .
it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him .
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck !
a genuine mind-bender .
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
 . . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observación de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .
if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful .
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
 . . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma .
tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
a solidly entertaining little film .
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb .
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
 " what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher .
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
works as pretty contagious fun .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay !
oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '
the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next .
smarter than its commercials make it seem .
great character interaction .
one of the funnier movies in town .
campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .
by turns very dark and very funny .
steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .
for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdão do trocadilho ) , não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor .
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift .
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for .
 . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . .
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood .
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish .
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title .
you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist .
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods .
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
manages to delight without much of a story .
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't .
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women .
an animation landmark as monumental as disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
sex with strangers is fascinating . . .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
a wry , affectionate delight .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .
another best of the year selection .
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
it's a very valuable film . . .
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished .
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
intriguing and stylish .
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is .
[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
the best film of the year 2002 .
an enthralling , entertaining feature .
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie .
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving .
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
pull[s] off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .
twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
 . . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .
road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
many insightful moments .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
a tour de force of modern cinema .
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
the performances are an absolute joy .
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece .
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .

