at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway .
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro .
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured .
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
woody , what happened ?
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell .
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
routine and rather silly .
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling .
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
more trifle than triumph .
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out .
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
 . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags .
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
a well-acted , but one-note film .
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period .
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful .
a era do gelo diverte , mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado e só .
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
we started to wonder if some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine .
even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
whether it's the worst movie of 2002 , i can't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad .
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
where the film falters is in its tone .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving .
a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either .
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget .
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned .
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché .
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past .
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring .
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy .
 . . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create .
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either .
competently directed but terminally cute drama .
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever .
this thing is virtually unwatchable .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen .
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows .
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way .
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around .
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust .
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me .
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .
has none of the crackle of " fatal attraction " , " 9 œ weeks " , or even " indecent proposal " , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of " lolita " .
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
an extraordinarily silly thriller .
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
 . . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't .
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem .
the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
the drama discloses almost nothing .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men .
even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york .
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen .
though there's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't .
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
 . . . a rather bland affair .
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .
all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf's encounter with the world .
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it .
i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters .
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess .
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
did we really need a remake of " charade ? "
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
bearable . barely .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
an " o bruin , where art thou ? " -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through .
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda .
staggeringly dreadful romance .
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ?
final verdict : you've seen it all before .
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . "
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish .
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny .
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs .
the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies .
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too .
 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected .
well-made but mush-hearted .
humor in i spy is so anemic .
the film is strictly routine .
a real snooze .
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down .
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid .
we get the comedy we settle for .
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are .
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing .
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush .
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
 . . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
no surprises .
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view .
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . "
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
as pedestrian as they come .
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here .
as saccharine as it is disposable .
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
too much power , not enough puff .
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
muddled , trashy and incompetent
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .
narc is all menace and atmosphere .
though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
it's tough to be startled when you're almost dozing .
his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them .
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction .
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid .
